gaza's so-called humanitarian zones are
getting
smaller and with it the opportunity to
access something as basic but critical
as
water hundreds of thousands of forceably
displaced Palestinians are being pushed
out of darl balah in central Gaza and
from the strip's second largest city
kanun in the
South Israeli forces say Hamas has used
these areas to fire mortars and Rockets
at Israel civilians have little option
but to pick up and go a Batton that's
blade out
repeatedly we received warnings to
evacuate this area we're collecting
water that we can carry you tell me
where should I go all the people of Gaza
have been crammed into a tiny spot and
we're being pounded from all
directions darl Bella has 18 water wels
10 of them located in the East now the
scene of furious fighting in Kan yunas
the population is being squeezed into
ever smaller Parcels of land unfit to
live
in about 85% of the entire province of
kudas is under siege only 18 of the 108
square kilometers are left for the
population as this tiny area is crammed
with people movement is almost
impossible more than more than 880,000
Palestinians are crammed in here without
the basic necessities of life this
defies logic panic and fear fills the
Smokey
Skies people forced to flee again the
explosions are not far
away the bottom line is that there is no
safe space in Gaza and no shelter no
food or water nothing at all the whole
world is watching us in silence
the UN says about
84% of the strip has been placed under
evacuation orders by the Israeli
military that's 1.9 million who have
been forcibly
displaced people in the Gaza Strip are
very exhausted after more than 10 months
of unrelenting attacks with no rest bite
families here are struggling to survive
in dire humanitarian conditions
especially with Israel reducing its
so-called humanitarian Zone that has has
led to less access to nearby water
sources
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer